Welcome to this fake McCoys.
So let's move along.
Let's move along.
We are going to create this beautiful screen here.
Yes.
So the first thing I'm going to do here for this design is to create a mobile hotspot.
To do that, I just tap on the frame or press F on my keyboard.
That's a shortcut to it.
And then I see my options appear under the design tab.
Right.
So.
And that is designed to help.
I have a number of options in this work.
I'm going to be designing for a mobile phone, so I just.
Select an option under the phone options.
So here I'm just going to select iPhone 13 pro max, not because I have any specific reason, but because
that's the the easiest option to get to select actually.
Okay.
So I have selected my iPhone.
11 Max.
Yeah.
So I've selected my iPhone 11 max.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to double tap on the frame and rename it my first screen to design
as the walk on screen.
So I'm going to rename the screen to walk.
Welcome.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
So the next thing I'm going to do.
It's to create a grid.
So for me, grids are grids guide me so that I don't move into a specific region.
So I like to set my start out with a grid so that it guides and I don't move into the margins I set
for myself.
So yes, to do that, I click on the layout grid, the place beside it, and then I tap on the square
here and I'm presented with options, right?
So I select columns from this layout and I set my my margin to 30.
Yes.
So 30.
That's all I need to do.
My margin.
Okay.
I'm good to go away.
I have to reduce the opacity a bit, the color intensity a bit so that I can view my design and the
grid won't be a distraction to it.
Okay, so I have my grid setup.
Now, the next thing I'm going to do is draw my.
Register and log in.
Buttons.
Right.
Okay.
To do that, I have to select the rectangular two and.
Draw.
Oh, my.
My odds board.
Okay, so I have it down.
I have it down.
Let me move the height to 50 and I'm okay with the width.
Then the next thing I'm going to do as we see, we can see here or look here.
The button is rounded, right?
The corners of the buttons are rounded.
So I'm going to round them.
So here under the design tab, with the shape I just drew selected, I'll go to the corner radius and
then change the value to that.
T Well.
Now you see that my, my shape, the corners of my shape is rounded beautifully and perfectly.
Yes.
Okay.
So yeah, the next thing I'm going to do for this design is to change the color, right?
Assuming I don't know the color code, but I have my beautiful design here that I'm copying or remaking.
I just with that shape selected, I go to fill under the design tab.
I click on a.
The color thing here.
And then I tap on the eyedropper to right then I move the eyedropper to to the color I want to pick.
And I just click on it.
You can see that it changed the shape.
It changes the color of the shape to the color I wanted to pick.
Right.
Yeah.
So I'm good with this one now.
So the next thing I'm going to do here.
As to type the register.
Text on my sheet.
So I'll go to the text to a press t on my keyboard for shortcuts, and then click on my true my shape
and then start typing.
So the first thing I remember is register.
Yeah.
So you realize that my text is a bit too small.
So what I'm going to do is.
And I don't like my phone, so what I'm going to do, I'm.
I'm going to change it to Montserrat.
And then changed.
My phone's from the phone to it, from light to medium, and then increase the font size.
It's all done under the design tab in the text section.
So our increase is 18.
Yeah.
18 looks good.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
It's going well so far.
It's going well so far, so.
Okay.
So I have this here to move on.
I want I have to group my buttons so I select the text and the layout and then I press command to group
it.
I go to the layout tab to rename it to.
Register button.
Now, it's not necessary for you to rename your elements, but it makes things easier for you as you
move along.
Okay.
So.
Moving on.
Okay.
So moving on after we've after we've renamed our button, the next thing I'm going to do now is create
a duplicate.
To do that, I select the shape that I want to create a duplicate of and press command the it creates
the duplicates for me, but you can't see the copy because the copy is still on the original.
So what I'm going to do now is move the copy from the original to beneath the original.
Right.
And I'll move it at a distance of 30.
That just stands between.
Yeah.
So what I'm going to do now is just double click my text and then change the register to log in.
And then I make sure that I select the text and the rectangle and then center align it inside the rectangle.
Okay.
But I realize that when we look at this design, right, the color for this is different from this.
This is lighter.
And then the text is not whites is actually the color of this.
So I select my text.
No, I think the first thing I should do is change the color of my rectangular shape.
So I select that and.
I go to where the color code is and decided the intensity value.
So I'll change the value from 100 to 10.
Oh, I think ten is a bit too light.
I think.
Ten is a bit too light tennis to light.
So I me move it a bit to 2035.
I see 30.
Okay.
I think 30 is good enough.
So now my text button is.
This color.
What I'm going to do is change the text.
Hello.
Am I to remember?
Okay.
So the next thing I do is change the text color.
I'm going to change it to the color of the button up there.
So, yes, I select the colors.
Now I have my two buttons down.
Good and ready to go.
Let me preview it and see how it looks.
To do that.
I select the frame and then click on the preview button.
Yes.
So due to my internet is taking some time to load.
If you have a better internet connection or probably load within seconds.
Yeah.
So it's loaded now.
So this is how it looks on my phone.
Mm hmm.
Okay.
So back to my design and.
So back to the design.
We realize that there are some cartoonish icons here.
These things are illustrations, right?
So to use illustrations, you have to download them or create them yourself.
What I do is I download these illustrations and then use them in my work.
There are so many illustrations, sites, sites you can go to to get illustrations.
One of them is on draw is as you can see here.
One of them is on draw.
And then you can just Google illustration sites.
And then you you be given so many options.
You can use the illustrations you see in the design here.
I got them from stock vote yes towards people.
So here is a freebie illustration someone has designed and put on the internet.
Stock votes.
I'll share the link so that you can go and download them and use them in your work as you go along.
Okay.
So yes, this is top vote, right?
So you go to the sites and then you scroll to where you find the download Photography Vector Illustrations
link.
Then you tap on it and then it downloads the file for you since it downloads them as a zip file.
Right.
And you, if you have an illustrator software, if you have illustrator, you open it in Illustrator.
If you don't have a tool, then I guess you just have to use a substitute icon for this course.
You can get that from on draw.
So I joy gives you illustrations in PNG and as we form so depending on what you want, you download
you choose the format.
But I always choose to go for S region because in the everyday format I can manipulate it or modify
it to suit my.
My interests or what I want.
So that's that's it.
So yeah, that's why for those who have Illustrator and can download it and open it in Adobe Illustrator.
And I'm going to.